# How did the airport traffic and security evolve after the terror incedint on the 11/09-2001 also known as (9/11) in the United Stated of America?

This project explores how the airport traffic look a few years before 9/11 and then compares to how it look a couple years later, this an interresting comparison because over the few decades, the security in airports has been substantially increased but the amount of people who are travelling on plane also have been substially increse. It is expected that there can be observed a substatially more media covered text on the secruity in the airports after 9/11 and fewer flights the year later but in the later years it is expected that the traffic has increased substantially than it was before 9/11 but still with increasing secruity in the airports.

## How will this changed be analized?

To analise the change of airport traffic before and after 9/11 we will make a graph where all the airpots will be the nodes in the graph and the flights connecting to the airpots will be the edges. When we are making the graph we will make it as a wighted edge. The weight to the nodes will be the number of flights going to the specifik airport, this will be useful to see which airports is most frequently visited and it will give an indication on the changes of the traffic in the airports.

The way we will analise the security improvement in the airports is with textuel analyse and here we are going to webscrabe relevent texts on weekipidia where we will gather all the scrabed texts into documents. With all the text in the documents we can start on tokenizing the words so it will be possible for us to find the most frequent used words. When all this is done we will visualised all the most frequent used words that was found with TF-IDF and visualize them with using word clouds.
